.TH VN-CONNECT 8l "8 July r
.SH NAME
.B vn-connect
- start a virtual network connection to remote host.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBvn-connect\fR [\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR] [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-v\fR] 
\fI<hostid>\fR
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B vn-connect
is a Bourne/Bash shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX
and Linux.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The script is designed to be used in support of other utilities such as
.IR rhost.
The <\fIhostid\fR> is used as the key to look up the connection method
and other parameters in the configuration file which are used to make
the necessary vn-connection (usually a VPN) either directly to the target host
or to a nominated gateway.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
\fB-c \fI<configuration_file>\fR
Use the named configuration file in preference to the default "
\fI/usr/local/etc/vn-connect.cf\fR".
.TP 5
\fB-d\fR
Set debug mode on. Debug mode uses the \fB-x\fR mode to echo each command
to \fIstandard error\fR before it is executed.
.TP 5
\fB-v\fR
Sets verbose mode. Significant actions are reported to \fIstandard error\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
vn-connect la1 
.fi
.ft R
.LP
Look up "la1" in the configuration file. If found and a VPN is required
use the other parameters found in the "la1" stanza to start a virtual
network connection the host or the indicated gateway. Set the route if 
required.
.SH FILES
.IR vn-connect.cf .

.SH BUGS
The script has very little input error checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR rhost .
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
